.TH vzdqdump 8 "Mar 06, 2008" "Virtuozzo" "Containers"

.SH NAME
\fBvzdqdump\fR, \fBvzdqload\fR \- dump, load user/group quotas
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
\fBvzdqdump\fP [\fIgeneral_options\fP] \fIquota_id\fP [\fB-f\fR]
[\fB-c\fR \fIquota_file\fR] { [\fB-G\fR] [\fB-U\fR] [\fB-T\fR] }
.TP
\fBvzdqload\fP [\fIgeneral_options\fP] \fIquota_id\fP
[\fB-c\fR \fIquota_file\fR] { [\fB-G\fR] [\fB-U\fR] [\fB-T\fR] }

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBvzdqdump\fP dumps user/group quota information obtained either 
from a quota file or the kernel to stdout.
.PP
\fBvzdqload\fP loads user/group quota information provided by
\fBvzdqdump\fP from stdin into quota file. Quota must be stopped at load.

The \fBquota_id\fP must be numeric-only identifier. Note, that quota ID is
not the same as container ID (CTID). One container can mount several
filesystems and each of them can have its own quotas.

.SH OPTIONS
.SS General
.TP
.B -h
Print usage information.
.TP
.B -V
Print utility version.
.TP
.B -q
Quiet mode. Causes all warning and diagnostic messages to be suppressed.
Only fatal errors are displayed.
.TP
.B -v
Verbose mode.  Causes the utilities to print debugging messages about their
progress. Multiple \fB-v\fP options increase verbosity. Maximum is 2.
.SS Parameters
.TP
\fB\-f\fP
Dump user/group quota information from kernel rather than quota file.
.TP
\fB\-c\fP \fIquota_file\fP
Specifies quota file to process.
.TP
\fB\-G\fR, \fB--grace\fP
Dump (load) user/group grace times.
.TP
\fB\-U\fR, \fB--limits\fP
Dump (load) disk limits of users/groups.
.TP
\fB\-T\fR, \fB--exptimes\fP
Dump (load) expiration times of users/groups.

.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.TP
See \fBvzquota\fP(8)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2000-2008, Parallels, Inc. Licensed under GNU GPL.
